“Well,	we	haven’t	had	a	chance	to	get	premises	yet,”	said	Fred,	dropping
his	voice	even	lower	as	Mrs.	Weasley	mopped	her	brow	with	her	scarf	before
returning	to	the	attack,	“so	we’re	running	it	as	a	mail-order	service	at	the
moment.	We	put	advertisements	in	the	
Daily	Prophet
	last	week.”
“All	thanks	to	you,	mate,”	said	George.	“But	don’t	worry	.	.	.	Mum	hasn’t
got	a	clue.	She	won’t	read	the	
Daily	Prophet	
anymore,	’cause	of	it	telling	lies
about	you	and	Dumbledore.”
Harry	grinned.	He	had	forced	the	Weasley	twins	to	take	the	thousand-
Galleon	prize	money	he	had	won	in	the	Triwizard	Tournament	to	help	them
realize	their	ambition	to	open	a	joke	shop,	but	he	was	still	glad	to	know	that
his	part	in	furthering	their	plans	was	unknown	to	Mrs.	Weasley,	who	did	not
think	that	running	a	joke	shop	was	a	suitable	career	for	two	of	her	sons.
The	de-doxying	of	the	curtains	took	most	of	the	morning.	It	was	past
midday	when	Mrs.	Weasley	finally	removed	her	protective	scarf,	sank	into	a
sagging	armchair,	and	sprang	up	again	with	a	cry	of	disgust,	having	sat	on	the
bag	of	dead	rats.	The	curtains	were	no	longer	buzzing;	they	hung	limp	and
damp	from	the	intensive	spraying;	unconscious	doxies	lay	crammed	in	the
bucket	at	the	foot	of	them	beside	a	bowl	of	their	black	eggs,	at	which
Crookshanks	was	now	sniffing	and	Fred	and	George	were	shooting	covetous
looks.
“I	think	we’ll	tackle	
those
	after	lunch.”
Mrs.	Weasley	pointed	at	the	dusty	glass-fronted	cabinets	standing	on	either
side	of	the	mantelpiece.	They	were	crammed	with	an	odd	assortment	of
objects:	a	selection	of	rusty	daggers,	claws,	a	coiled	snakeskin,	a	number	of
tarnished	silver	boxes	inscribed	with	languages	Harry	could	not	understand
and,	least	pleasant	of	all,	an	ornate	crystal	bottle	with	a	large	opal	set	into	the
stopper,	full	of	what	Harry	was	quite	sure	was	blood.
The	clanging	doorbell	rang	again.	Everyone	looked	at	Mrs.	Weasley.
“Stay	here,”	she	said	firmly,	snatching	up	the	bag	of	rats	as	Mrs.	Black’s
screeches	started	up	again	from	down	below.	“I’ll	bring	up	some
sandwiches.”She	left	the	room,	closing	the	door	carefully	behind	her.	At	once,	everyone
dashed	over	to	the	window	to	look	down	onto	the	doorstep.	They	could	see
the	top	of	an	unkempt	gingery	head	and	a	stack	of	precariously	balanced
cauldrons.
“Mundungus!”	said	Hermione.	“What’s	he	brought	all	those	cauldrons
for?”
“Probably	looking	for	a	safe	place	to	keep	them,”	said	Harry.	“Isn’t	that
what	he	was	doing	the	night	he	was	supposed	to	be	tailing	me?	Picking	up
dodgy	cauldrons?”
“Yeah,	you’re	right!”	said	Fred,	as	the	front	door	opened;	Mundungus
heaved	his	cauldrons	through	it	and	disappeared	from	view.	“Blimey,	Mum
won’t	like	that	.	.	.”
He	and	George	crossed	to	the	door	and	stood	beside	it,	listening	intently.
Mrs.	Black’s	screaming	had	stopped	again.
“Mundungus	is	talking	to	Sirius	and	Kingsley,”	Fred	muttered,	frowning
with	concentration.	“Can’t	hear	properly	.	.	.	d’you	reckon	we	can	risk	the
Extendable	Ears?”
“Might	be	worth	it,”	said	George.	“I	could	sneak	upstairs	and	get	a	pair	—”
But	at	that	precise	moment	there	was	an	explosion	of	sound	from
downstairs	that	rendered	Extendable	Ears	quite	unnecessary.	All	of	them
could	hear	exactly	what	Mrs.	Weasley	was	shouting	at	the	top	of	her	voice.
“WE	ARE	NOT	RUNNING	A	HIDEOUT	FOR	STOLEN	GOODS!”
“I	love	hearing	Mum	shouting	at	someone	else,”	said	Fred,	with	a	satisfied
smile	on	his	face	as	he	opened	the	door	an	inch	or	so	to	allow	Mrs.	Weasley’s
voice	to	permeate	the	room	better.	“It	makes	such	a	nice	change.”
“—	COMPLETELY	IRRESPONSIBLE,	AS	IF	WE	HAVEN’T	GOT
ENOUGH	TO	WORRY	ABOUT	WITHOUT	YOU	DRAGGING	STOLEN
CAULDRONS	INTO	THE	HOUSE	—”
“The	idiots	are	letting	her	get	into	her	stride,”	said	George,	shaking	his
head.	“You’ve	got	to	head	her	off	early,	otherwise	she	builds	up	a	head	ofsteam	and	goes	on	for	hours.	And	she’s	been	dying	to	have	a	go	at
Mundungus	ever	since	he	sneaked	off	when	he	was	supposed	to	be	following
you,	Harry	—	and	there	goes	Sirius’s	mum	again	—”
Mrs.	Weasley’s	voice	was	lost	amid	fresh	shrieks	and	screams	from	the
portraits	in	the	hall.	George	made	to	shut	the	door	to	drown	the	noise,	but
before	he	could	do	so,	a	house-elf	edged	into	the	room.
Except	for	the	filthy	rag	tied	like	a	loincloth	around	its	middle,	it	was
completely	naked.	It	looked	very	old.	Its	skin	seemed	to	be	several	times	too
big	for	it	and	though	it	was	bald	like	all	house-elves,	there	was	a	quantity	of
white	hair	growing	out	of	its	large,	batlike	ears.	Its	eyes	were	a	bloodshot	and
watery	gray,	and	its	fleshy	nose	was	large	and	rather	snoutlike.
The	elf	took	absolutely	no	notice	of	Harry	and	the	rest.	Acting	as	though	it
could	not	see	them,	it	shuffled	hunchbacked,	slowly	and	doggedly,	toward	the
far	end	of	the	room,	muttering	under	its	breath	all	the	while	in	a	hoarse,	deep
voice	like	a	bullfrog’s,	“.	.	.	Smells	like	a	drain	and	a	criminal	to	boot,	but
she’s	no	better,	nasty	old	blood	traitor	with	her	brats	messing	up	my
Mistress’s	house,	oh	my	poor	Mistress,	if	she	knew,	if	she	knew	the	scum
they’ve	let	in	her	house,	what	would	she	say	to	old	Kreacher,	oh	the	shame	of
it,	Mudbloods	and	werewolves	and	traitors	and	thieves,	poor	old	Kreacher,
what	can	he	do	.	.	.”
“Hello,	Kreacher,”	said	Fred	very	loudly,	closing	the	door	with	a	snap.
The	house-elf	froze	in	his	tracks,	stopped	muttering,	and	then	gave	a	very
pronounced	and	very	unconvincing	start	of	surprise.
“Kreacher	did	not	see	Young	Master,”	he	said,	turning	around	and	bowing
to	Fred.	Still	facing	the	carpet,	he	added,	perfectly	audibly,	“Nasty	little	brat
of	a	blood	traitor	it	is.”
“Sorry?”	said	George.	“Didn’t	catch	that	last	bit.”
“Kreacher	said	nothing,”	said	the	elf,	with	a	second	bow	to	George,	adding
in	a	clear	undertone,	“and	there’s	its	twin,	unnatural	little	beasts	they	are.”
Harry	didn’t	know	whether	to	laugh	or	not.	The	elf	straightened	up,	eyeing
them	all	very	malevolently,	and	apparently	convinced	that	they	could	not	hearhim	as	he	continued	to	mutter.
“.	.	.	and	there’s	the	Mudblood,	standing	there	bold	as	brass,	oh	if	my
Mistress	knew,	oh	how	she’d	cry,	and	there’s	a	new	boy,	Kreacher	doesn’t
know	his	name,	what	is	he	doing	here,	Kreacher	doesn’t	know	.	.	.”
“This	is	Harry,	Kreacher,”	said	Hermione	tentatively.	“Harry	Potter.”
Kreacher’s	pale	eyes	widened	and	he	muttered	faster	and	more	furiously
than	ever.
“The	Mudblood	is	talking	to	Kreacher	as	though	she	is	my	friend,	if
Kreacher’s	Mistress	saw	him	in	such	company,	oh	what	would	she	say	—”
“Don’t	call	her	a	Mudblood!”	said	Ron	and	Ginny	together,	very	angrily.
“It	doesn’t	matter,”	Hermione	whispered,	“he’s	not	in	his	right	mind,	he
doesn’t	know	what	he’s	—”
“Don’t	kid	yourself,	Hermione,	he	knows	
exactly
	what	he’s	saying,”	said
Fred,	eyeing	Kreacher	with	great	dislike.
Kreacher	was	still	muttering,	his	eyes	on	Harry.
“Is	it	true?	Is	it	Harry	Potter?	Kreacher	can	see	the	scar,	it	must	be	true,
that’s	that	boy	who	stopped	the	Dark	Lord,	Kreacher	wonders	how	he	did	it
—”
“Don’t	we	all,	Kreacher?”	said	Fred.
“What	do	you	want	anyway?”	George	asked.
Kreacher’s	huge	eyes	darted	onto	George.
“Kreacher	is	cleaning,”	he	said	evasively.
“A	likely	story,”	said	a	voice	behind	Harry.
Sirius	had	come	back;	he	was	glowering	at	the	elf	from	the	doorway.	The
noise	in	the	hall	had	abated;	perhaps	Mrs.	Weasley	and	Mundungus	had
moved	their	argument	down	into	the	kitchen.	At	the	sight	of	Sirius,	Kreacher
flung	himself	into	a	ridiculously	low	bow	that	flattened	his	snoutlike	nose	on
the	floor.“Stand	up	straight,”	said	Sirius	impatiently.	“Now,	what	are	you	up	to?”
“Kreacher	is	cleaning,”	the	elf	repeated.	“Kreacher	lives	to	serve	the	noble
house	of	Black	—”
“—	and	it’s	getting	blacker	every	day,	it’s	filthy,”	said	Sirius.
“Master	always	liked	his	little	joke,”	said	Kreacher,	bowing	again,	and
continuing	in	an	undertone,	“Master	was	a	nasty	ungrateful	swine	who	broke
his	mother’s	heart	—”
“My	mother	didn’t	have	a	heart,	Kreacher,”	Sirius	snapped.	“She	kept
herself	alive	out	of	pure	spite.”
Kreacher	bowed	again	and	said,	“Whatever	Master	says,”	then	muttered
furiously,	“Master	is	not	fit	to	wipe	slime	from	his	mother’s	boots,	oh	my
poor	Mistress,	what	would	she	say	if	she	saw	Kreacher	serving	him,	how	she
hated	him,	what	a	disappointment	he	was	—”
“I	asked	you	what	you	were	up	to,”	said	Sirius	coldly.	“Every	time	you
show	up	pretending	to	be	cleaning,	you	sneak	something	off	to	your	room	so
we	can’t	throw	it	out.”
“Kreacher	would	never	move	anything	from	its	proper	place	in	Master’s
house,”	said	the	elf,	then	muttered	very	fast,	“Mistress	would	never	forgive
Kreacher	if	the	tapestry	was	thrown	out,	seven	centuries	it’s	been	in	the
family,	Kreacher	must	save	it,	Kreacher	will	not	let	Master	and	the	blood
traitors	and	the	brats	destroy	it	—”
“I	thought	it	might	be	that,”	said	Sirius,	casting	a	disdainful	look	at	the
opposite	wall.	“She’ll	have	put	another	Permanent	Sticking	Charm	on	the
back	of	it,	I	don’t	doubt,	but	if	I	can	get	rid	of	it	I	certainly	will.	Now	go
away,	Kreacher.”
It	seemed	that	Kreacher	did	not	dare	disobey	a	direct	order;	nevertheless,
the	look	he	gave	Sirius	as	he	shuffled	out	past	him	was	redolent	of	deepest
loathing	and	he	muttered	all	the	way	out	of	the	room.
“—	comes	back	from	Azkaban	ordering	Kreacher	around,	oh	my	poor
Mistress,	what	would	she	say	if	she	saw	the	house	now,	scum	living	in	it,	her
treasures	thrown	out,	she	swore	he	was	no	son	of	hers	and	he’s	back,	they	sayhe’s	a	murderer	too	—”
“Keep	muttering	and	I	will	be	a	murderer!”	said	Sirius	irritably,	and	he
slammed	the	door	shut	on	the	elf.
“Sirius,	he’s	not	right	in	the	head,”	said	Hermione	pleadingly,	“I	don’t	think
he	realizes	we	can	hear	him.”
“He’s	been	alone	too	long,”	said	Sirius,	“taking	mad	orders	from	my
mother’s	portrait	and	talking	to	himself,	but	he	was	always	a	foul	little	—”
“If	you	just	set	him	free,”	said	Hermione	hopefully,	“maybe	—”
“We	can’t	set	him	free,	he	knows	too	much	about	the	Order,”	said	Sirius
curtly.	“And	anyway,	the	shock	would	kill	him.	You	suggest	to	him	that	he
leaves	this	house,	see	how	he	takes	it.”
Sirius	walked	across	the	room,	where	the	tapestry	Kreacher	had	been	trying
to	protect	hung	the	length	of	the	wall.	Harry	and	the	others	followed.
The	tapestry	looked	immensely	old;	it	was	faded	and	looked	as	though
doxies	had	gnawed	it	in	places;	nevertheless,	the	golden	thread	with	which	it
was	embroidered	still	glinted	brightly	enough	to	show	them	a	sprawling
family	tree	dating	back	(as	far	as	Harry	could	tell)	to	the	Middle	Ages.	Large
words	at	the	very	top	of	the	tapestry	read:
T
HE
	N
OBLE	AND
	M
OST
	A
NCIENT
	H
OUSE	OF
	B
LACK
“T
OUJOURS
	P
UR
”
“You’re	not	on	here!”	said	Harry,	after	scanning	the	bottom	of	the	tree.
“I	used	to	be	there,”	said	Sirius,	pointing	at	a	small,	round,	charred	hole	in
the	tapestry,	rather	like	a	cigarette	burn.	“My	sweet	old	mother	blasted	me	off
after	I	ran	away	from	home	—	Kreacher’s	quite	fond	of	muttering	the	story
under	his	breath.”
“You	ran	away	from	home?”
“When	I	was	about	sixteen,”	said	Sirius.	“I’d	had	enough.”
“Where	did	you	go?”	asked	Harry,	staring	at	him.
“Your	dad’s	place,”	said	Sirius.	“Your	grandparents	were	really	good	aboutit;	they	sort	of	adopted	me	as	a	second	son.	Yeah,	I	camped	out	at	your	dad’s
during	the	school	holidays,	and	then	when	I	was	seventeen	I	got	a	place	of	my
own,	my	Uncle	Alphard	had	left	me	a	decent	bit	of	gold	—	he’s	been	wiped
off	here	too,	that’s	probably	why	—	anyway,	after	that	I	looked	after	myself.	I
was	always	welcome	at	Mr.	and	Mrs.	Potter’s	for	Sunday	lunch,	though.”
“But	.	.	.	why	did	you	.	.	.	?”
“Leave?”	Sirius	smiled	bitterly	and	ran	a	hand	through	his	long,	unkempt
hair.	“Because	I	hated	the	whole	lot	of	them:	my	parents,	with	their	pure-
blood	mania,	convinced	that	to	be	a	Black	made	you	practically	royal	.	.	.	my
idiot	brother,	soft	enough	to	believe	them	.	.	.	that’s	him.”
Sirius	jabbed	a	finger	at	the	very	bottom	of	the	tree,	at	the	name	
REGULUS
BLACK
.	A	date	of	death	(some	fifteen	years	previously)	followed	the	date	of
birth.
“He	was	younger	than	me,”	said	Sirius,	“and	a	much	better	son,	as	I	was
constantly	reminded.”
“But	he	died,”	said	Harry.
“Yeah,”	said	Sirius.	“Stupid	idiot	.	.	.	he	joined	the	Death	Eaters.”
“You’re	kidding!”
“Come	on,	Harry,	haven’t	you	seen	enough	of	this	house	to	tell	what	kind
of	wizards	my	family	were?”	said	Sirius	testily.
“Were	—	were	your	parents	Death	Eaters	as	well?”
“No,	no,	but	believe	me,	they	thought	Voldemort	had	the	right	idea,	they
were	all	for	the	purification	of	the	Wizarding	race,	getting	rid	of	Muggle-
borns	and	having	purebloods	in	charge.	They	weren’t	alone	either,	there	were
quite	a	few	people,	before	Voldemort	showed	his	true	colors,	who	thought	he
had	the	right	idea	about	things.	.	.	.	They	got	cold	feet	when	they	saw	what	he
was	prepared	to	do	to	get	power,	though.	But	I	bet	my	parents	thought
Regulus	was	a	right	little	hero	for	joining	up	at	first.”
“Was	he	killed	by	an	Auror?”	Harry	asked	tentatively.
“Oh	no,”	said	Sirius.	“No,	he	was	murdered	by	Voldemort.	Or	onVoldemort’s	orders,	more	likely,	I	doubt	Regulus	was	ever	important	enough
to	be	killed	by	Voldemort	in	person.	From	what	I	found	out	after	he	died,	he
got	in	so	far,	then	panicked	about	what	he	was	being	asked	to	do	and	tried	to
back	out.	Well,	you	don’t	just	hand	in	your	resignation	to	Voldemort.	It’s	a
lifetime	of	service	or	death.”
“Lunch,”	said	Mrs.	Weasley’s	voice.
She	was	holding	her	wand	high	in	front	of	her,	balancing	a	huge	tray
loaded	with	sandwiches	and	cake	on	its	tip.	She	was	very	red	in	the	face	and
still	looked	angry.	The	others	moved	over	to	her,	eager	for	some	food,	but
Harry	remained	with	Sirius,	who	had	bent	closer	to	the	tapestry.
“I	haven’t	looked	at	this	for	years.	There’s	Phineas	Nigellus	.	.	.	my	great-
great-grandfather,	see?	Least	popular	headmaster	Hogwarts	ever	had	.	.	.	and
Araminta	Meliflua	.	.	.	cousin	of	my	mother’s	.	.	.	tried	to	force	through	a
Ministry	Bill	to	make	Muggle-hunting	legal	.	.	.	and	dear	Aunt	Elladora	.	.	.
she	started	the	family	tradition	of	beheading	house-elves	when	they	got	too
old	to	carry	tea	trays	.	.	.	of	course,	anytime	the	family	produced	someone
halfway	decent	they	were	disowned.	I	see	Tonks	isn’t	on	here.	Maybe	that’s
why	Kreacher	won’t	take	orders	from	her	—	he’s	supposed	to	do	whatever
anyone	in	the	family	asks	him	.	.	.”
“You	and	Tonks	are	related?”	Harry	asked,	surprised.
“Oh	yeah,	her	mother,	Andromeda,	was	my	favorite	cousin,”	said	Sirius,
examining	the	tapestry	carefully.	“No,	Andromeda’s	not	on	here	either,	look
—”
He	pointed	to	another	small	round	burn	mark	between	two	names,	Bellatrix
and	Narcissa.
“Andromeda’s	sisters	are	still	here	because	they	made	lovely,	respectable
pure-blood	marriages,	but	Andromeda	married	a	Muggle-born,	Ted	Tonks,	so
—”
Sirius	mimed	blasting	the	tapestry	with	a	wand	and	laughed	sourly.	Harry,
however,	did	not	laugh;	he	was	too	busy	staring	at	the	names	to	the	right	of
Andromeda’s	burn	mark.	A	double	line	of	gold	embroidery	linked	NarcissaBlack	with	Lucius	Malfoy,	and	a	single	vertical	gold	line	from	their	names	led
to	the	name	Draco.
“You’re	related	to	the	Malfoys!”
“The	pure-blood	families	are	all	interrelated,”	said	Sirius.	“If	you’re	only
going	to	let	your	sons	and	daughters	marry	purebloods	your	choice	is	very
limited,	there	are	hardly	any	of	us	left.	Molly	and	I	are	cousins	by	marriage
and	Arthur’s	something	like	my	second	cousin	once	removed.	But	there’s	no
point	looking	for	them	on	here	—	if	ever	a	family	was	a	bunch	of	blood
traitors	it’s	the	Weasleys.”
But	Harry	was	now	looking	at	the	name	to	the	left	of	Andromeda’s	burn:
Bellatrix	Black,	which	was	connected	by	a	double	line	to	Rodolphus
Lestrange.
“Lestrange	.	.	.”	Harry	said	aloud.	The	name	had	stirred	something	in	his
memory;	he	knew	it	from	somewhere,	but	for	a	moment	he	couldn’t	think
where,	though	it	gave	him	an	odd,	creeping	sensation	in	the	pit	of	his
stomach.
“They’re	in	Azkaban,”	said	Sirius	shortly.
Harry	looked	at	him	curiously.
“Bellatrix	and	her	husband	Rodolphus	came	in	with	Barty	Crouch,	Junior,”
said	Sirius	in	the	same	brusque	voice.	“Rodolphus’s	brother,	Rabastan,	was
with	them	too.”
And	Harry	remembered:	He	had	seen	Bellatrix	Lestrange	inside
Dumbledore’s	Pensieve,	the	strange	device	in	which	thoughts	and	memories
could	be	stored:	a	tall	dark	woman	with	heavy-lidded	eyes,	who	had	stood	at
her	trial	and	proclaimed	her	continuing	allegiance	to	Lord	Voldemort,	her
pride	that	she	had	tried	to	find	him	after	his	downfall	and	her	conviction	that
she	would	one	day	be	rewarded	for	her	loyalty.
“You	never	said	she	was	your	—”
“Does	it	matter	if	she’s	my	cousin?”	snapped	Sirius.	“As	far	as	I’m
concerned,	they’re	not	my	family.	
She’s	
certainly	not	my	family.	I	haven’t
seen	her	since	I	was	your	age,	unless	you	count	a	glimpse	of	her	coming	in	toAzkaban.	D’you	think	I’m	proud	of	having	relatives	like	her?”
“Sorry,”	said	Harry	quickly,	“I	didn’t	mean	—	I	was	just	surprised,	that’s
all	—”
“It	doesn’t	matter,	don’t	apologize,”	Sirius	mumbled	at	once.	He	turned
away	from	the	tapestry,	his	hands	deep	in	his	pockets.	“I	don’t	like	being	back
here,”	he	said,	staring	across	the	drawing	room.	“I	never	thought	I’d	be	stuck
in	this	house	again.”
Harry	understood	completely.	He	knew	how	he	would	feel	if	forced,	when
he	was	grown	up	and	thought	he	was	free	of	the	place	forever,	to	return	and
live	at	number	four,	Privet	Drive.
“It’s	ideal	for	headquarters,	of	course,”	Sirius	said.	“My	father	put	every
security	measure	known	to	Wizard-kind	on	it	when	he	lived	here.	It’s
Unplottable,	so	Muggles	could	never	come	and	call	—	as	if	they’d	have
wanted	to	—	and	now	Dumbledore’s	added	his	protection,	you’d	be	hard	put
to	find	a	safer	house	anywhere.	Dumbledore’s	Secret-Keeper	for	the	Order,
you	know	—	nobody	can	find	headquarters	unless	he	tells	them	personally
where	it	is	—	that	note	Moody	showed	you	last	night,	that	was	from
Dumbledore	.	.	.”	Sirius	gave	a	short,	barklike	laugh.	“If	my	parents	could	see
the	use	it	was	being	put	to	now	.	.	.	well,	my	mother’s	portrait	should	give	you
some	idea	.	.	.”
He	scowled	for	a	moment,	then	sighed.
“I	wouldn’t	mind	if	I	could	just	get	out	occasionally	and	do	something
useful.	I’ve	asked	Dumbledore	whether	I	can	escort	you	to	your	hearing	—	as
Snuffles,	obviously	—	so	I	can	give	you	a	bit	of	moral	support,	what	d’you
think?”
Harry	felt	as	though	his	stomach	had	sunk	through	the	dusty	carpet.	He	had
not	thought	about	the	hearing	once	since	dinner	the	previous	evening;	in	the
excitement	of	being	back	with	the	people	he	liked	best,	of	hearing	everything
that	was	going	on,	it	had	completely	flown	his	mind.	At	Sirius’s	words,
however,	the	crushing	sense	of	dread	returned	to	him.	He	stared	at	Hermione
and	the	Weasleys,	all	tucking	into	their	sandwiches,	and	thought	how	he
would	feel	if	they	went	back	to	Hogwarts	without	him.